hello boxing fans welcomed in this
corner TV com- mittee where Johnny tacos
gym in Las Vegas were in the background
Vic Darchinyan the super flyweight King
prepares for his februari the seventh
battle against Jorge Arce a on showtime
championship boxing the champ has a lot
on his mind let's start out by going
back a little bit the metas fight to me
you looked as good as I've ever seen you
yes puts up on my mind he's like like
he's a very good fighter I will have to
be ready for that fight I did my
preparation good more I did por todo my
legs for my moments I know everyone
talking about him oh he's very good move
on his account puncher is combination
he's a speed so as my point I wanna
prove anything wasn't talking about him
I can do better than him one of the
things that impressed me mentally I mean
you were supremely confident and it
showed in your performance because
although you were very aggressive you
were also very calculated and relaxed at
the same time you were showing all that
aggressiveness in that fight yes if you
know like boxing experts that time like
30 to 60 26 from 32 books and experts
say get fight to him as I thinking is
going to beat me easy and I is going to
even gonna stop me you know i was i have
only one lost you know why they talk
about me like that if I already been
world champion long time I was holding
my belt and what happened with me when I
lost my title I just went to disturb my
opponent knock him out I went for big
much jump on him and I lost it once that
small thing is enough for some stuff
talk to me like that bed and put me down
I have to prove it he's not my point I
don't want to go and knock him out in
first round thanks God I didn't knock
you out in first round because I catch
you this big punch and to vent all
neurons I'll slow it down i punish him
and I did exactly what I said before
press conference who are gonna beat him
and I want exactly what I said do you
think they the loss to denair is that
something that really motivated you
because of the fact that you were
stopped in that fight lost the only loss
of your career did that motivate you
somewhat closes motivate me because in
my mind I know my lost is not because he
stronger than me my lost his boat
because my mistake and I have to prove
it it was my mistake he's not because
I'm not like that better I've neglected
good fighter what's all to talk to me
and I think he's worked for me better
voice if you remember before that fight
I was screaming that was chasing
champions or unification no I wanna
fight me I went to Thailand for fight
was the boss ma what I sing gonna hear
the WBC thai chicken he didn't take my
fight I wanted for unification it's it's
not my style just take one belt and see
then just defend defend if it i wanna
stop for something more I want more belt
and after the most I don't wanna fight
me and you see in six months I've become
of this video champion I be 20 kilos and
after I beat me honest and I clicked on
both you know I think showtime is lucky
to have you as a fighter fighting for
them because you're certainly one of the
most exciting guys and I noticed this
right away 2004 december i was at
ringside in Fort Lauderdale when you won
the title from Irene checo and I saw
something special couldn't figure
exactly out but I knew one thing you had
some uncommon power where does that
power come from hello coming from my
trainings I can't do some time ago I can
go to turning into one thousand five
hundred thousand push up I can to put
movie won enough clothes and to sit ups
and just watch movie you know it's
mentally I'm ready mentally I know I can
punch harder and harder and like to
thank in 2004 you when you're doing blow
yours commentating my fight still I have
already 33 fights and my best opponent
who I met it was at any Pacheco he's a
great fighter you know he's a big
puncher hot puncher he's punching me in
the body and I can feel his punch never
feel any punching my body from my
opponents he's a good fighter left after
mejores fight the same is your toughest
opponent I'm always saying no my
toughest opponent was any Pacheco is a
good photo set on you know you know how
r though also even though you're in
great shape you train hard push ups
whatever
a lot of that though I think power great
power like you have is god-given it's
mental and believing every baby opponent
when spawning can punch exempt I can
feel I can punch holder no doesn't mean
I was a even always big punch this
screaming I can't feeling mentally i'm
ready i know i can punch each other
since where is a point about me that's
why i'm believing in my power okay I
know if I'm going on a babe I can't just
throw a break if I want to punch me same
place in the big I think I can cut him
in half you know it's all it's all about
trust yourself believe and achieve
or we get to the year prediction which I
have an idea i think i know what your
predictions going to be against our say
what are your goals beyond this fight
your goals in boxing for the rest of
your career a lot of floods of this one
of the upcoming best for me too if he's
going to be a steven a boxing is a las
kiss I would love to fight him I'm not
saying his name because if I'm gonna
hear ya he's good he's great guy you
know I met him I took team is we've been
inspiring together we have good punish
each other but because I know it's a
great fighter that's why 10 fighting I
wanna show all work in small gloves is
big different small gloves I can stay in
front of my opponent and honest them and
destroy them who's stronger zat Knight
is going to be I'm not saying you cannot
go in naughty mode but i will try i will
turn into mode that worried the seventh
are say look into that camera and tell
Jorge what's going to happen ok you're
going to be very silly fight on sat
night I'm going to show what I gonna do
with you I'm not following you I'm not
chasing you up it was past the time I'm
holding who's Who I am I'm holding free
birds you're supposed to be chased me
but when you find out I want to move up
division you challenge me of course I
going to take your challenge I don't
wanna any commented test boxing experts
toca behind me as i tell you see if we
didn't take it off says fight of course
they're going to take syd fight and i'm
going to move to bentham it become world
champion move to Superman to it and
again become world champion let me see
i'm going to stop when I gonna stop all
right best of luck continued success
thanks for joining us you thank you very
much thank